SJCONF-icecast2
sjconf-icecast2
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 8 "

= NAME =

sjconf-icecast2 - handle **icecast2**(1) configuration through **sjconf**(8)

= DESCRIPTION =

sjconf is a configuration wrapper that handles global and server specific configuration, deployment and service restart.

= OPTIONS =

Here is the list of options:

: **enable_daemon** //boolean//
Allow you to enable/disable the icecast2 daemon.

: **hostname**
DNS name or IP address of the stream.

: **source_password**
The unencrypted password used by sources to connect to icecast2.

: **relay_password**
Used in the master server as part of the authentication when a slave requests the list of streams to relay.

: **admin_user**
User login for admin authentication.

: **admin_password**
The username/password used for all administration functions.

: **port**
The port to listen.

: **bind_address**
The bind address for the listen socket.


= MOUNTS =

Each mount point has its own configuration section, namely **[icecast2:mount:<mount_name>]**, e.g. **[icecast2:mount:/foo.ogg]**.

You have to specify the following options:

:    **username**, **password**.


The **mount name** is specified by the section name (see above).


= RELAYS =

Each relay has its own configuration section, namely **[icecast2:relay:<relay_name>]**, e.g. **[icecast2:relay:foobarstream]**.

Each relay has at least the following options:

:    **server**, **port**, **local_mount**.


Those options are optionals:

:    **mount** = /, **on_demand** = 0, **relay_shoutcast_metadata** = 1, **no_yp** = 1.


= EXAMPLE =

  **[icecast2]**
  **enable_daemon = yes**
  **template = templates/icecast2/icecast.xml**
  **hostname = mp3.live.tv-radio.com**
  **source_password = password**
  **relay_password = password**
  **admin_user = admin**
  **admin_password = password**

  **[icecast2:mount:/vortex]**
  **username = JohnDoe**
  **password = Wh04m1**

  **[icecast2:relay:agorafm34]**
  **server = 10.10.30.49**
  **port = 9318**
  **mount = /**
  **local_mount = /agorafm34/all/agorafm34.mp3**
  **on_demand = 0**
  **relay_shoutcast_metadata = 1**
  **no_yp = 1**

  **[icecast2:relay:agorafm-128k]**
  **server = 10.10.30.49**
  **port = 9046**
  **local_mount = /agorafm/all/agorafm-128k.mp3**

  **[icecast2:relay:alfa]**
  **server = 10.10.30.49**
  **port = 9348**
  **local_mount = /alfa/all/alfa.mp3**

  **[icecast2:relay:arcenciel-128k]**
  **server = 10.10.30.49**
  **port = 9048**
  **local_mount = /arcenciel/all/arcenciel-128k.mp3**

= AUTHOR =

The sjconf icecast2 plugin and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.

= SEE ALSO =

**sjconf**(8), **icecast2**(1).
